# Lionsberg + OGM, 2021-04-01

## Before The Meeting
- Jerry to send this page to Jordan
- Jerry to post this page as PDF to Stewards channel

## Agenda
- touch on current state of [[OGM-Lionsberg MoU]]
	- when / how to wrap
- set up GC + OGM (Jerry, Charles, Pete) meetings / touchpoints
- how to coordinate with Jamaica / OFC?
- touch on OGM's use of Notion to coordinate with Lionsberg + cohort
	- setting up accounts for OGM folks (Jerry, Pete, Judy, Lauren, Charles)
- coordinating in general (Notion? CSC Mattermost? OGM Wiki? anything else?)
