(this will be an overview of what's going on around OGM)

- Jerry: working on main website for OGM, using Massive Wiki tools
- how do we do manage call artifacts better?
	- more people than just jerry
	- automation?
		- ffmpeg
	- folders and destinations and sharing
		- youtube
		- cicolab
		- max?
		- stephan?
- Pete: investigating Notion + Massive

### Identity and Handles
- first discussed on [[OGM Stewards Jam Sesh, 2021-03-30]]
- let's come back to this at some point

### Stewardship Bat Signal
- first discussed on [[OGM Stewards Jam Sesh, 2021-03-30]]
- use `@channel` in mattermost [ogm] Stewards
	- we hope to get to the point where everyone sees and acts (if necessary) on it within ~12 hours
- shall we have practice alerts a couple times in the future?

### Culture and Values
- need to have a call
	- at least Jerry, Matt, (who else?)
- some notes are in [[Lionsberg + OGM, 2021-04-01]]
- Miro board
- Harvestings from Workshop

### Re-formatting Thursday Call
next call: Friday 4/2, 10am PDT, 1pm EDT, 5pm UTC, 7pm CEST
- diversity
- time on the floor
- how do we federate Thursday calls

### Quest Formation / Quest Architecture
- [[OGM Community Patterns]]